Android training


Another name of world's best platform for mobile applications is Android. It is a software package that has operating system, middleware and key applications. For Java based Android applications Software Development Kit (SDK) provides tools and APIs. Android platform runs multiple applications at one time. For e.g. Android user can receive notification, listen music and use GPS. Android applications have a vast market. Its applications are used by many prominent mobile phone manufacturing companies. It provides easier application maintenance and market exposure to developer. Android is a versatile application which is flexible with hardware and carrier. Besides this, Android APIs helps a developer in developing standard apps. One who has work experience or good hands on Java can easily learn Android development. Usually the candidates with computer science and related engineering background and MCA & MSc can learn this course but anyone with good command over java can take Android training. DUCAT's Android course provides you a well designed training program according to IT job market demand. Enhanced and frequent exposure to labs and experienced faculties will give a sharp edge in Android development. Live project development, regular revision and tips for coding are a part of course.


java six weeks

Java is a very powerful object oriented programming language used world over for developing variety of applications. Students pursuing a course on Java have plenty of career options such as take up job as Java programmer, proceed for Sun Java Certification exams and/or learn advanced Java technologies. JAVA IN 6 WEEKS from DUCAT is a quick fire course that includes all the basics and necessary concepts in Java. This course would give an insight on use of various technologies in J2EE and use of Struts framework to unwind development in large scale projects. Students would get a window view of leveraging Java in the current scenario and also its future applications as well. This training course is designed in line with curriculum used in colleges. The students can opt to continue with industrial training at DUCAT too. They would get an Industrial training certificate on successful completion of training for academic records of the college. DUCAT has placement consultancy wing too which can help the students to get jobs. Students pursuing courses at DUCAT not only learn the subject, moreover earn an experience certificate to get job assistance.


ORACLE 11G DATA GUARD

This Oracle Database 11g: Data Guard training helps you develop the skills to use Oracle Data Guard to help protect your Oracle database against planned and unplanned downtimes. Explore how Data Guard standby databases can be used to support production functions such as reporting, querying and testing, while in a standby role. Oracle Data Guard is the most effective solution available today to protect the core asset of any enterprise - its data, and make it available on a 24x7 basis even in the face of disasters and other calamities. This course discusses Oracle Data Guard 11g technology, and demonstrates how it is one of the most important elements in the business continuity infrastructure of any enterprise.

CCNA

If you are an aspirant for the networking industry, DUCAT ensures that you are well prepared for the job market. Graduating a CCNA course will open up opportunities as CISCO Administrator, CISCO Network Engineer, Intranet Specialist, Network analyst, Network administrators, Network Messaging Manager, Network Operator Engineer, Network Support Engineer, Network Systems Analyst, Network Technician, Networking Manager and Solution Center Engineer. Our entire course structure is designed in a way that it will be easy for anyone to read, watch and practice. We cover all topics under CCNA certification and provide an ideal platform to explore the more advanced features of the subject. Our CCNA course structure includes installation, functional, configuration, verification and implementation of networking connections. When you graduate from our curriculum, you will be an expert in laying down all basic principles of networking equipment and configurations. You certainly will imbibe in a good idea relating to LAN / WAN technology. A CCNA certification from DUCAT will certainly land you up in a highly benefitting job profile. Join this course and wake up the dormant network within you.


SQT SIX MONTHS

Be a Profession with Technical Training Courses at DUCAT DUCAT is one of the most preferred places where any layman can learn SQT in 6 months and also be an expert in IT. Our course offers an in-depth within reach solution to people. Anyone who prefers this training can learn both advantages and disadvantages of the program and can provide readymade solution of any issue arising from different situation. This course - SQT provides an in depth knowledge going into details starting from system design, problems related to definition, analysis related requirements and others details of testing. Interesting feature of this is that, it includes mock tests and technical test which provides confidence to students to clear technical interview and pass the certification exam with ISTQB. Software testing training will increase portability, maintainability, compatibility, capability, reliability, efficiency and usability of the candidate. This training program helps businessman and job applicants to know a prominent way to progress productivity and cost diminution. DUCAT has trainers who are specialist in this field. They convey their proficiency in a way that the trainee can relate very easily with the subject and excel in the field. The training imparted makes them very much capable of taking proper situation based decision and to solve issues, making them more desired candidates than rest in the job market.



WEB DESIGNING

This course introduces students to basic web design using HTML (Hypertext Markup Language) and CSS (Cascading Style Sheets). The course does not require any prior knowledge of HTML or web design. Throughout the course students are introduced to planning and designing effective web pages; implementing web pages by writing HTML and CSS code; enhancing web pages with the use of page layout techniques, text formatting, graphics, images, and multimedia; and producing a functional, multi-page website. The course topical outline provides a summary of course topics that can be used as a guide when progressing through the course. Upon successful completion of this course, students will be able to: Recognize and understand HTML web page elements Know how to write HTML code Understand and apply effective web design principles Enhance web pages using text formatting, color, graphics, images, and multimedia Incorporate forms into web pages Understand and apply CSS to format web page elements Plan, design, and publish a multi-page website Upon successful completion of this course, students will have a good foundation in web design using HTML and CSS and will be prepared to study more advanced web design topics. Students should have a general background in using a computer, managing files, and a basic knowledge of the Internet. Students should also be able to navigate to and within a website using a web browser such as Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, or Safari. Students do not need to purchase any software for this course.


CLOUD COMPUTING SIX WEEKS

6 Weeks course on CLOUD COMPUTING from DUCAT help students to explore best market standard trends of CLOUD COMPUTING. Training will make students learn how to abstract useful information extracted in cloud structure and how CLOUD COMPUTING helps people all around world to access data without installation and download. Project implementation and enhanced theory of these concepts will help students understand all these aspects of CLOUD COMPUTING. CLOUD COMPUTING is a revolutionary technology which has made a strong impact in past few decades in IT sectors. It has paved a new way to increase the capability of your network without creating a new infrastructure. This can be done by its pay per use service. Bigger brands of IT like AMAZON, SUN and IBM are using CLOUD COMPUTING technology offering storage and virtual storage on demand. Some service providers also use it in the form of virtual datacenters and elastic servers on demand.Memory, I/O, storage and computational capacity work together with the help of LIQUID Q'S virtual resource pool available over network. Managed service Providers provide managed services through CLOUD COMPUTING. This includes virus scanning or application monitoring .Desktop management service and cloud based anti spam service is also a part of these services.



6 MONTHS INDUSTRIAL TRAINING

The Industrial Training Ducat  Courses deliver a broad range of fundamental and specialty industrial training courses designed to help build a competent, qualified, and efficient workforce.

Ducat India Courses provide a powerful training tool that can be used directly where training is required, e.g., in the classroom, at the plant, in the office. It offers all the important content in the appropriate context, comprehensive assessments, and the latest tools to evaluate performance. With seamless integration into Mind-Sight, the Ducat  Courses provide a multitude of ways to fulfill industrial training needs.

FEATURES & BENEFITS
Broad range of fundamental and specialty industrial training courses
Used by top-tier manufacturing, industrial, and technical associations
Comprehensive assessments
Seamless integration within the Mind-Sight learning and content management system

Project Based Industrial Training is conducted by Ducat India with a range of courses to be delivered across number of locations. The programs usually conducted twice a year, beginning in the month of January and July. The duration of the program varies from 4 to 6 months depending on student needs and qualified partner professionals are engaged to deliver the program and guide the trainees throughout the program. There are around 50-60 participants in a batch with a good student-trainer ratio for effective learning. Upon completion of the program, training certificate and project letter will be provided to successful students.

Ducat  is providing great opportunities in the growing field to the students. We have best career boosting options for the learners. At Ducat  we provide training to the BCA, Bsc. IT, B.tech and MCA students which are required to get engage in the large software, web development and internet marketing companies. It has been observed that after completing education from the colleges with very good percentage, it becomes difficult for the fresher to get a suitable job. It is not their fault; however in colleges they don’t get chance to learn job oriented education. We are here to make them efficient so that it became easy for them to get job in any required field in the IT industry. We focus to give best training sessions to the students that help them in their skill enhancement. We provide different training courses to our employees that include complete teaching sessions and live projects handling experience. It helps them to enhance their basic as well as practical knowledge. We also provide job opportunities to our trainees if they learn and grow with our training programs


